## Intent

The basic idea I had at the beginning was a sort of "stinky object in a cartoon" based particle effect, with green swirls wafting upwards. I knew I wouldn't emulate it exactly because those tend to be made of lines rather than particles, but I figured the basic concepts would make it through. The basic setup was to initialize particles on the bottom of the screen in one of three groups. Then I moved them upwards over time and adjusted their X values based on their Y value and which of the three groups they were in to create a sort of "wafting" effect. I then allowed the particles to fade out according to the Y value. I implemented controls for adjusting the frequency and amplitude of the sin wave that affects the X values. Lastly, I wanted to see if I could make differently-shaped particles, and I managed to figure out how to get the particle-space coordinates so that I could draw arbitrary shapes and colors onto the particles! In this case, though, all I used it for was to make them circular.

## Feedback

I received feedback from Sam and Nick. Nick liked the overlapping waves, particularly emphasizing high amplitudes and low speed overlapping paths that can form. I remembered from him that timeScale wasn't really a good name for the slider that controlled the frequency of the waves, as timeScale would imply a higher upward speed. Sam suggested adding a way to adjust the thickness of columns to make the system more versatile for fire and water and the like. I think that'd be cool! If I didn't spend so much time on those circles I may have done that.