I added 3 new ants: A blue ant, a green ant, and a yellow ant. The blue ant can move diagonally and turns 45 degrees counterclockwise if it sniffs a pheromone and 45 degrees clockwise otherwise. The green ant moves 90 degrees counterclockwise if it sniffs a pheromone and continues in a straight line otherwise. The yellow ant moves straight if it sniffs a pheromone and turns 90 degrees clockwise otherwise. All ants leave a pheromone if they did not smell one and remove a pheromone if they did smell one. I also gave the ants little eyes because I thought it'd be cute. And it was!
 
I think the most interesting patterns in my simulation come from the yellow ants on their own and the interaction between green and blue ants. Yellow ants, left to their own devices, actually form a binary counter (well, almost. It's symmetrical, but if you get rid of everything to the left of the line of symmetry, it's a binary counter)! Since it goes straight when it sniffs a pheromone and it deletes pheromones as it encounters them, it will eat through large swaths of "ones". Then, once it no longer smells pheromones, it will leave two pheromones (the new “ones”), then turn around entirely, going in the opposite direction and doing the same thing on the other side. 

The green ants aren’t super interesting on their own, since they simply form a line and change direction occasionally. But these lines affect the blue ants in interesting ways, sometimes traveling in a sin wave formation along them or eating square holes out of them. The green ants also facilitate further interaction between the other ants by creating large pheromone trails in a wide area, which none of the other ants really do on their own. 

The blue ants are interesting in that they form patterns that seem much more curved/circular. The pheromone patterns that the ants form on the screen over time devolve into mostly random looking noise, though there are often “dead zones” that take a long time before any ants arrive there to leave pheromones. Blue and red seem to add the most chaos to the mix as they form complex, noisy patterns without any input from other ants.
